iOS READMEs - Maps (#852)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Maps/Set initial map area/README.md

# Map initial extent

Display the map at an initial viewpoint representing a bounding geometry.

![Image of set initial map extent](set-initial-map-extent.png)

## Use case

Setting the initial viewpoint is useful when a user wishes to first load the map at a particular area of interest.

## How to use the sample

> As application is loading, initial view point is set and map view opens at the given location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the sample opens, the initial view point is set and the map view opens at the given location.
```

> As application is loading, initial view point is set and map view opens at the given location.

Author: I proposed a fix and just created a PR for this!

> As application is loading, initial view point is set and map view opens at the given location.

Author: Currently use the fix proposed by Rachael.
